welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called the blue
lagoon from 1980 spoilers ahead watch
out and take care and i hope you enjoy
it
this story is about two kids who get
lost in the south pacific ocean
when they grow up emotional and physical
changes occur in their body and they
fall in love with each other
the movie begins with a family who's
sailing to europe
in the ship there's a nine-year-old boy
named richard and a seven-year-old girl
emmeline
they're cousins
richard's father and a cook are also on
the ship there are some other people on
the ship as well but somehow the ship
catches on fire
therefore the cook patty gets on a
lifeboat with the kids
the other people were safe as well but
due to the fire in the ship the
surrounding area gets covered with heavy
smoke thus they can't keep up with the
others
they find themselves alone in the huge
pacific ocean
one morning emmeline wakes up and sees a
beautiful island in front of them so she
wakes up the others as well and patty is
thrilled to see it they go to the island
there are so many birds drinking water
and there's so much food as well they're
all so happy to reach the island at
least now they can stay alive here but
suddenly they find a can full of rum
meanwhile richard finds a human skull
and patty is not feeling well after
seeing this
therefore they immediately run away from
there patty tells emily not to eat the
red berries since they are poisonous
and if someone eats it they'll die
patty's also teaching richard how to
catch fish along with this he teaches
him how to make a shed he also teaches
him so many other things as well one
night when the kids are sleeping paddy
is drinking some rum but suddenly he
hears a noise and it was coming from the
other side of the island in the morning
he goes to the place to look for the
noise and he finds some meat and blood
on a rock after seeing this patty
immediately runs away from there at
night he tells the kids not to go to the
other side of the island there's
something in the island that patty's
scared of
one night paddy is really drunk he's
dancing with the kids for some time and
falls asleep beside the fire and then
the kids also fell asleep but in the
middle of the night patty wakes up and
goes to the other side of the island
with a can of rum
in the morning richard and emmeline look
for him and find him they take the boat
to go to him but they see that paddy was
dead the kids are frightened realizing
that they're totally alone now that
patty's dead they put their belongings
on the boat and go to the island nearby
they followed all the instructions that
patty had taught them they build a shed
to live in and that's how they spend
many of their days together now they've
grown up and they've learned to live
here they're pretty happy
as they've grown up they are now
attracted towards each other they're
noticing physical changes in their
bodies but they don't understand the
feeling and there's no one who could
explain the feelings to them
one day emeline is swimming but suddenly
she sees blood in the water and gets
really scared she immediately calls
richard but later she notices that the
blood was coming out of her own body
actually it was her first period when
richard comes there he sees the blood in
the water but emmeline tells him to go
away later richard asks emmeline about
the bleeding emily tells him she doesn't
know what it was richard thinks somehow
she was injured and that's why he wants
to see it but emmeline doesn't let him
and tells him nothing thus richard gets
mad at her and leaves he tells her that
she has so many secrets that she never
shares with him emmeline is also
attracted towards richard and richard
also looks at her naked body he was
physically attracted towards emmeline
one day emmeline and richard hear the
sound of drumming in the distance
emmeline goes towards the sound and
richard is catching a fish
when she gets on top of the island she
finds out that the sound is coming from
the other side of the island that they
left emmeline goes a bit further and
finds a sculpture when she goes closer
to the sculpture she sees that blood was
coming out of it emmeline gets scared
and runs away from there and goes to
richard she tells richard about the
sculpture but richard gets mad at her
because she went to the other side of
the island
one night when emmeline is sleeping she
has a nightmare that richard is drowning
in the water and he dies
therefore she wakes up and she's scared
so she hugs richard she tells him to
promise that he'll never leave her
richard promises and then he kisses her
but richard can't control his feelings
and he tries to have sex with her
emmeline gets angry with him and leaves
at night when emmeline was sleeping
richard silently comes to her and
touches her body but emmeline wakes up
and tells him to go away
richard is getting too attracted towards
emmeline
but he doesn't understand his own
feelings
in the morning richard is going
somewhere and emmeline asks him where
he's off to but richard refuses to talk
to her
therefore emily goes after him she sees
that richard is heading somewhere but
doesn't understand what he's doing
she calls after him but richard's mad at
her
one day richard sees a ship in the ocean
so he immediately runs towards his house
because he had gathered some wood to
give a signal to the ship emmeline also
sees the ship but she doesn't light the
wood on fire richard asks her why she
didn't like the fire
actually emmeline loves the island and
she wants to live there but richard
doesn't want to live here at all so he
makes a boat and puts some food on it
and leaves alone
after sailing for a while his boat
breaks and he comes back to the island
emmeline makes fun of him and she tells
him that she knows what he was up to
richard says it's wrong that she's
spying on him but emmeline counters
saying that he does the same thing when
she gets naked richard also makes fun of
her therefore emmeline throws a coconut
at his head and richard slaps her
richard goes home and throws away all
the stuff from emmeline
he tells her that he's the one that
built the house so she has no right to
stay there so emmeline has to stay in a
tiny cave while it's pouring rain
because of the argument they were living
apart meanwhile emmeline goes to put
some flowers on the sculpture she
thought that this was a god as she's
coming back she steps on a poisonous
fish and she gets sick richard doesn't
see her for a long time so he goes to
the cave to check on her he sees that
she's very sick and asks her what
happened emmeline tells him that she
stepped on a fish and it felt like a
stone richard is very worried about her
emmeline tells him to take her to the
god actually she calls the sculpture her
god richard takes her there and after
resting for a while emmeline gets better
and they start spending their time
together once again one time they're
eating fruit but then they start to kiss
each other and they have sex
this was the first time they had sex now
they're able to understand this feeling
and they're so happy about it they
started to stay together all day and all
night so many days passed just like this
one day richard sees that emmeline is
not feeling well he asks her if she
loves him anymore emmeline says that's
not it it's just that she's not feeling
well she feels like there's something
inside her belly richard puts his hand
on her belly and feels some movement
richard asks her how she moved her belly
like that but emmeline says she doesn't
know it was moving on its own they had
no idea that emmeline is pregnant in the
evening richard hears some sounds and he
follows it then he sees that there's
some other people on the island actually
they were tribal people and they killed
their own man to satisfy their god
richard gets scared after seeing this
and comes back when he comes back he
sees that emmeline is screaming in pain
it's time for her delivery and she gives
birth to a baby with the help of richard
they're very happy to see their new
child and they go back to their home
with the baby but the kid keeps on
crying
richard thinks maybe he's hungry so he
feeds him some fruit and water but a
newborn baby can't eat or drink these
things they had no idea about what they
should do
but suddenly emmeline breastfeeds him
and the baby stops crying
after that richard tells her not to go
to the other side of the island ever
again one day richard goes back to the
island with his boat and he finds
paddy's skeleton and he tries to learn
the body structure from the skeleton
they are loving life with their new baby
one day richard sees that emmeline is
teaching the baby how to swim and just
like that the kid grows up and now he
knows how to swim they would always play
together the baby had become their own
world one day when they were playing on
the beach richard's dad comes to the
island with his ship and he sees richard
and emmeline but he thinks that maybe
they were tourists
therefore they're leaving richard and
emmeline also see the ship but they
don't want to go back because they're
happy there one day they go to the old
island where they had come with paddy
and they find their old stuff and
recalled their old memories
meanwhile the kid put some poisonous
berries on the boat while returning to
their island the kid drops the paddle of
the boat by mistake emmeline tries to
get it back but she can't that's why she
calls richard richard was behind them to
get some fruit he comes there and jumps
into the water but then we see that
there's a shark after him to save his
life emeline throws the other paddle
towards the shark now they don't have
anything to paddle back to the island
and they're stuck in the middle of the
ocean they have no food or water and
they can't tolerate the hunger and
thirst they also have a baby with them
and they get very worried
two days have passed like this because
of the hunger the kid ate some of the
berries and emmeline sees this
but they had nothing to do that's why
richard gives half of the berries to
emeline and keeps the other half to
himself they decide to die like their
kid by eating the berries
but the kid is still alive
he was just sleeping they eat the
berries and fall asleep
richard's father sees the boat and goes
to it immediately and he sees that
they're all still alive to watch more
explanations of these kinds of movies
click on the videos on your screen and
don't forget to let me know how you feel
about today's video in the comments down
below and at last i will say stay safe
stay well thanks